That's not true, sir.
Since they found out
the North was trying to kill them,
they've been disobeying
their country's orders.
Disobeying?
They sent such idiots to carry out
this crucial scheme that will decide
our country's fate?
Go and kill those
commie bastards yourself right now!
I will, sir!
I will go in and kill them myself tonight!
Don't worry a thing, sir!
I swear on my life--
God damn it. Since when
was Eun Chang-su his right-hand man?
Didn't he say
he wanted to watch the Olympics with me?
Will it be okay if the hostage situation
doesn't last until the election?
We have the upper hand now.
-Captain.
-Yes, sir.
We'll take them out secretly and quickly.
Prepare two teams of the most
loyal guys with good combat skills.
Then cut off the power.
We will go retake the dorm in ten minutes.
Yes, sir.
KANG CHEONG-YA
DOCTOR
Seriously wounded, the ANSP director
is being taken to the hospital.
And two SWAT team members were killed.
It's such a brutal tragedy.
Who did such a horrible thing?
It must be Nam Tae-il.
Nam Tae-il?
They both aspire
to presidential candidacy.
Tae-il has been keeping an eye
on Eun for a long time.
Hold on.
Well,
we have been trying
to resolve this situation peacefully.
However, this incident triggered
public anger,
and we have decided
we can no longer ignore it.
Therefore, the ANSP is declaring
that as of this moment,
we will take a hard line without mercy.
Fellow citizens, we will not let them
have their way anymore.
Taking a hard line? Does that mean…
They're making up
a reason to kill us off
including the hostages.
They'll frame us for killing the hostages.
Right?
That's obvious.
The hostages know
this is their election scheme.
On top of that, you and Gang-mu
are working together to ruin it.
Now Tae-il has no reason to wait
until the election to end this situation.
Then…
will it be tonight?
We should get ready to fight right now.
Now that Eun's out,
it's a perfect opportunity for Nam.
To the library?
How are the two of them
going to protect us?
What do we do now?
Stop the nonsense and find your mask!
Hurry! They're going
to raid this place soon.
Really?
Two cops were killed,
and the ANSP director was shot.
What?
He was shot?
Why are you so surprised?
You heard gunfire.
Yeong-ro, what are you doing?
Find your mask and lantern!
Hurry up!
We have to go to the library asap!
Yeong-ro!
After the incident,
Director Eun of the ANSP
was taken to Hankuk Central Medical Center
and is in surgery as we speak.
According to the medical staff, the bullet
missed the aorta,
which prevented immediate death.
They say they will know for sure
after the surgery
and are not sure yet
if the surgery is going well.
Meanwhile, some are worried
that Director Eun might end up
in critical condition
even if the surgery goes well.
By the looks of it, he might be
unconscious and on a ventilator--